# dblp_survey
Iterates over the entire DBLP database of scientific papers, creating CSV(s) of papers from the given year or newer and from the given conferences/journals, whose title contains any of the given keywords. The CSV output contains the paper title, conference/journal, year, and a URL to the paper. Useful for scientific surveys.

## Usage
1. Install the required Python packages by `pip install -r requirements.txt`
2. Download the DBLP database to the root directory of the repo from [this link](https://dblp.org/xml/) (if it's dead, let me know, going to [dblp.org](https://dblp.org/)->XML Data->"raw dblp data in a single XML file" should work). Download both the `dblp.xml.gz` file (unpack to `dblp.xml`) and the `dblp.dtd` file.
3. Set up the list of conferences/journals the papers should be from. The script expects it at `dblp_survey/inputs/conf_journ.csv` (an example provided with the repo). One entry per line, the entries must exactly match the ones in the DBLP XML database. To find those, load the XML database in some text editor that is able to handle large files, search for a paper that you are sure comes from the desired conference/journal, and record what you see between the `<journal>` (journal papers) or `<booktitle>` (conference papers) tags.
4. Set up the list of keywords the script will be searching in the titles. The script expects it at `dblp_survey/inputs/keywords.csv` (an example provided with the repo). Again, one entry per line, the script performs a case-insensitive exact search. Therefore, stemming the words you are searching for is strongly recommended. For example, if you are interested in papers on evaluation, it's a good idea to use `evaluat` as a keyword, as that searches for `evaluation`, `evaluate`, `evaluating` etc.
5. Run the script using `python dblp_survey.py <year> --split <split_mode>`. `<year>` is a mandatory argument, it is the oldest year from which papers will be considered (e. g., `2017` will consider papers from 2017 to now). ``--split <split_mode>` is an optional parameter with two possible values: `none` will not split the papers and output a single CSV at `dblp_survey/outputs/dblp_survey.csv`, `per-venue` outputs a CSV for each conference/journal you specified in the respective file. Default value is `per-venue`.
